Why Do Bad Things Happen to Good People: An Attempted Scientific Analysis (version 2.0)

Please read Stephen Jay Gould's "Nonmoral Nature" before reading this short essay. It is much more descriptive of the darkness of nature, and provides a lot of gravity, feeling, importance, import, etc etc to the focal point(s) of this essay.
 
This free and very short nonfiction essay will attempt to answer the title question as quickly and concisely as possible. Many of us live demanding lives in the modern world of 2017 and sadly do not have time to read long-form literature. Even with the short length of this essay, I will attempt to be logically rigorous and discuss all of the important points. I will not follow the usual essay format.
 
Section 1: Defining Our Terms More Scientifically
“Why do bad things happen to good people?” is the phrase that is commonly thrown around. But perhaps the better phrase that will be the focus of this essay is “Why do bad things happen to innocent people?” 
(1) It is hard to scientifically define what exactly is a “good person.” None of us are perfectly good. And to weigh our virtues against our vices is for God or the Gods to consider rather than for us mere mortals. 
(2) It is much easier to define what exactly is an “innocent person.” Children are innocent. They are born without having done anything bad in this life. They grow up under the complete mercy of their environment, hopefully with the loving care of parents. So thus, the latter question regarding innocent people will be the focus of this essay.
 
Section 2: Empirical Observations
Many, many, many children suffer an abused, torturous life and die before ever becoming an adult. Some of the most heinous, grisly, obscene, dark things happen to children. And then they die. A single case of an innocent child suffering and dying in all of human history is proof that bad things do indeed happen to innocent people. But just take a look around...in the local news or at the atrocities of history. We can easily see that there have been so many cases (not just a single) of innocent children suffering and dying. 
 
Section 3: Why the Question Matters So Much
The lack of a good answer to this question has a profoundly negative effect on many people in our modern world. If it were clear in the natural world that bad things do not happen to innocent people, the masses would naturally want to remain innocent and not do bad things. Instead, the common observation that bad things do happen to innocent people naturally causes humans to not value innocence and do bad things if it seems self-advantageous.
 
If this universe is really indeed a place where innocence is forced to suffer for no good reason, then there is really no good reason to be innocent.
 
Section 4: Possible Explanations
(1) Karma & Reincarnation. The innocent humans who suffer and die could be reincarnated Adolph Hitlers, Pol Pots, or other terrible examples of history. Or on the flipside, they might not have done anything wrong and their next life could be a euphoric one of hedonistic pleasure and luxury in which they are beautiful, talented, strong, and surrounded by loved ones. The price paid for such a good life being the life we have observed of their abuse and suffering.
(2) The innocent people who suffer are really just “blanks” that are God’s way to misdirect us into thinking that innocent souls really suffer and die for no good reason. This explanation does not seem satisfactory because a closer look at all the examples of innocent suffering...if we actually went around and talked to/interacted with the innocent people who suffer...usually shows that they are just as human as we are.
(3) This universe is like the movie The Matrix. The innocent humans who suffer are really not human but rather our machine overlords impersonating human suffering and playing around with us for their own nefarious purposes. This again does not seem satisfactory for the same reason as the second explanation (among other reasons not mentioned for the sake of brevity).
(4) Other explanations are possible which might be as good as the first explanation of Karma & Reincarnation. I might just not have thought of them yet. Certainly, there is no mathematical proof that Karma & Reincarnation is the best answer. 
 
Section 5: Parting Thoughts
I hastily write this (very) short essay knowing that it may do well with some revisions later. It does seem potentially very positive for people to think about the title question immediately. How many innocent people suffered and/or died today? The existence of a reasonable explanation like Karma & Reincarnation (and possibly other explanations) may influence some people to have a stronger faith in God, the Gods, and/or a very good reason for this wondrous universe within which we all coexist.
 
20 February 2017
CA Newton
Twitter: @canewton8
 
“Morality is not properly the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness.”
~Immanuel Kant